title: 'Fidelis is pleased to announce that we are now the local reseller for Innuos music servers!'
image: innuos-zenith-mk3-silver-perspective.jpg
summary: 'Innuos - one of the most popular audiophile music streaming solutions on the market is now on display at Fidelis. Spanning the gamut from the Zen Mini - modestly priced at $1,399.00 to the state-of-the-art Statement at $15,000.00, Innuos has a solution for almost everyone.'
main_content: '<h3><b>Innuos was founded in 2009 in the United Kingdom with the vision that you don’t need to sacrifice sound quality nor be a technology wizard to enjoy the convenience of Digital Music at your fingertips. This vision can only be achieved through the combination of three core principles:&nbsp;&nbsp;</b></h3><p>01.</p><h3>PERFECT SYNERGY BETWEEN HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE</h3><p>Our multi-disciplinary team combines expertise in Computer Hardware, Audio Hardware, Networking and Software Engineering to create our products end-to-end.</p><p>02.</p><h3>CUSTOMER-DRIVEN RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT</h3><p>By working closely together with end users and partners alike, we really understand what different customers require in a music solution. This has been driving our research and development since day one.</p><p>03.</p><h3>OPEN PLATFORM</h3><p>Digital Audio is a fast-evolving area, with new products being constantly introduced in the market. Instead of designing closed solutions, we build our products to be open, allowing integration with the most popular Hi-Fi and Multi-room products in the market.</p>'
id: f284351e-82a3-4192-b273-8a8e804c2521
blueprint: news
