manufacturer: b5d88b65-746a-44a9-a0e9-ec1f68555b63
product_hero_image: /assets/a100-8.jpg
available_for_demo: false
description: '<p>&nbsp;The A100 is a budget-friendly follow up to the popular Aurender A10. A music player with a high performance MQA enabled digital-to-analog converter, 2TB of internal hard disk drive and one 120GB solid-state drive cache for playback, the A100 is the perfect solution for those replacing CD players or seeking one-box simplicity.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>FEATURES</p><h3>Integrated Single Stereo Design DAC with Fully Discrete Linear Power Supply</h3><p><strong><br></strong></p><p>•&nbsp;Single-ended/ Unbalanced (RCA) Audio Outputs<br>• 768KHz/32bit Next Generation Flagship AK4490 DAC Chip<br>• Volume adjustment from app, IR remote or front panel rotary control</p><h3>FPGA-Based Precision Clock with World-Class Jitter-Reducing Generator</h3><p>Precision clock generation system incorporating Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGA) with sub 100fs world-class jitter-reducing clock generator precisely times digital audio data transmissions and minimizes jitter to below negligible levels</p><h3>Designed to Keep the System Noise Level as Low as Possible</h3><p>A full linear power supply along with special shielding prevents noise from being delivered to sensitive DACs for the best sound reproduction. Three individual toroidal power transformers are used for the music server, digital circuitry and DAC. Fully isolated asynchronous USB audio output is also designed to block spurious noise</p><h3>Aurender App Packed with Convenient Features for Full-Function Control</h3><p>The Aurender Conductor App turns the iPad into a versatile user interface for Aurender Music Server/Players. All settings and functions of the Aurender Server/Music Player can be easily accessed through the Settings menu, and the Aurender App comes with extensive features to make managing, viewing and playing high resolution music collections a breeze.</p><h3>2TB Hard Disk Drive Storage with Solid-State Drive Cache for Playback</h3><p>The internal hard drive provides 2TB of storage and a 120G solid-state drive is used to cache music for playback. If a selected song or album is already cached to the solid-state drive, the hard drive will remain asleep. This minimizes wear and tear on the hard drive. By caching songs to the solid-state drive for playback, electrical and acoustic noise resulting from spinning disks, moving heads and motors are also completely eliminated.</p><h3>Dedicated USB Audio Class 2.0 Output with Ultra Low-Noise Power Circuitry</h3><p>The dedicated USB Audio Class 2.0 output is designed to deliver an exceptionally transparent audio signal free of noise, and is shielded from outside electronic interference.</p><h3>USB and NAS (Network-Attached Storage) Support</h3><p>Best performance occurs when music is stored on the Aurender’s internal storage. However, the Aurender platform is also capable of seamlessly integrating content stored on a NAS or external USB hard drive.</p><h3>Remote Internet Technical Support</h3><p>​Sending a Remote Support Request through the Aurender App allows engineers to quickly diagnose and correct problems over the Internet.</p>'
price: 3900
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<ul><li>Dimensions &amp; Weight: 330 x 55 x 353 (mm) 12.99 x 2.2 x 13.9 (inches) / 10Kg 22 Lbs​<br></li><li>SSD for System and Cache: 120G<br></li><li>Music Storage​​: 2TB (2.5″ HDD)<br></li><li>Power: ​Full-Linear<br></li><li>Display​: 3.0″ AMOLED​<br></li><li>Digital Audio Output: ​USB Audio Class 2.0​<br></li><li>Digital Audio Input: SPDIF Optical up to 24-bit / 192 kHz (Optical Input will be routed to Analog Out only. Not to USB Out)<br></li><li>Other I/O​: Gigabit Ethernet, USB Port x 2​<br></li><li>Analog Audio Output: ​Unbalanced (RCA): 2Vrms&nbsp;<br></li><li>Volume Control: -90 dB ~ 0dB, 0.5 dB step Velocity Sensitive Operation<br></li><li>​USB Audio Output​: PCM: up to 32-bit / 384 kHz &nbsp; DSD: DSD64, DSD128 / DoP Mode​<br></li><li>DAC Chip​: AK4490(AKM) x 1 (Single Stereo Design)<br></li><li>THD + N: Min. -111dB, IMD (SMPTE) Min. -110 dB​<br></li><li>THD (1KHz 2.5Vrms XLR output)​: 0.00015 %<br></li><li>Dynamic Range: MAX 128 dB &nbsp;(CCITT filter)​<br></li><li>Stereo Crosstalk​: Better than -132dB(1kHz)<br></li></ul>'
has_files: false
reivews_set:
  -
    type: Review
    excerpt: '<p>The Aurender A100 is a computer that''s purpose-built to be a music server optimized specifically for music reproduction in tandem with its robust operating software. I found the A100 to be a significant step up from using a computer designed for multiple purposes and trying to adapt it for music server duty. The A100 is better at reproducing music both from a performance standpoint and from a user interface perspective. Music played through the Aurender A100 does an admirable job at providing enough musical detail to satisfy most music enthusiasts, while still leaning slightly toward the warm side, making it enjoyable for longer listening sessions.</p>'
    attribution: 'Bob Barrett, Home Theater Review.com'
    link: 'https://hometheaterreview.com/aurender-a100-music-server-reviewed/'
    date_of_review: '2020-07-20'
title: A100
id: af8fed97-b8ef-4256-bfff-10ae6563b313
product-categories: server-streaming
system_category: source
