manufacturer: c6c9a7b2-9411-4aef-9327-2da9347a5437
product_hero_image: /assets/acamevo150-1624043534.jpg
available_for_demo: true
quote: 'The soundstage of the Cambridge Audio Evo is spacious and focused, realized with a multi-faceted palette of colors and depth. It is also decidedly lively, fast, and so magnificent that it will make your jaw drop.'
quote_attribution: 'Stereo Magazine'
description: '<h2>Adventure Awaits: Cambridge Audio''s Evo 150 All-in-One Player Offers Stellar Amplification, High-Res Streaming, and a Brilliant MM Phono Stage in a Roon Ready Chassis</h2><p>All the muscular power you need, all the convenience you want, and all the music you could ever hope to stream: That''s essentially what you get when you add Cambridge Audio''s Evo 150 All-in-One Player to your favorite pair of loudspeakers. This is a game-changing amplifier/streamer that not only makes it easy to stream high-resolution tracks, but also helps you get the most out of your vinyl LPs. Thanks to its array of digital and analog inputs – as well as its carefully engineered digital-to-analog convertor – the Evo 150 can serve as the sturdy heart of an expanding hi-fi system.</p><p>Because the Evo 150 has Hypex NCore Class D amplification and the StreamMagic music streaming platform onboard, after you''ve quickly set up the unit, millions of high-res files will be just a click away. Hassle-free operation is the name of the game here. Just fire up your favorite music streaming service on a smartphone, tablet, or other device. You can connect to the Evo 150 using the app, Bluetooth, or the built-in streaming service support. If you want to connect a turntable, the Evo 150''s built-in, moving-magnet (MM) phono stage is a convenient option for record players without an internal pre-amp.</p><p>The Roon Ready Evo 150 is a gateway to a wide array of streaming options, including TIDAL Masters, with MQA decoding onboard, which allows you to enjoy all the nuance and sonic texture revealed by high-resolution files. (Evo is a Roon endpoint, so it can be used as part of a Roon multiroom system.) With Qobuz''s Studio Sublime plan, you can use the Evo 150 to stream at 24-bit/192 kHz. Additionally, Spotify, Deezer, Apple Music, and dozens of other services are at your fingertips. (The Evo 150 is designed with Google Chromecast built in, so it could be part of a Google Home multiroom system.)</p><p>The Evo 150 is rated at 150Wpc (into 8 ohms), and under the hood, it is constructed with high-quality parts, including an ESS Sabre 32-bit high-resolution DAC. Advantages of the Hypex NCore Class D amplification include a proprietary self-oscillating feedback topology and a dedicated, high-current power supply. The engineers at Cambridge Audio designed the Evo 150 to function splendidly with a wide range of speakers, and the unit is powerful enough to drive two sets of speakers without any problems.</p><p>Also, by incorporating aptX HD Bluetooth capability, the Evo 150 delivers the convenience of wireless connectivity, but without any sonic compromises. Along with its 3.5mm output for headphones, the Evo 150 is a Bluetooth transmitter, so if want to enjoy a private listening session with wireless headphones, Evo has you covered.</p><p>Thanks to the 6.8-inch, high-resolution display, you can enjoy bright, clear, and detailed album artwork when you''re listening to a streaming service.</p><p>Combining streaming smarts and high-quality amplification in a single box means the Evo 150 only needs wiring to mains power and to speakers to serve up fantastic sound quality. Plus, a key strength of the Evo 150 is that it offers intuitive functionality.</p><p>With its extensive suite of digital and analog inputs, Evo is ready for you to add your favorite sources – a turntable, say, or a CD player – and build a wider system. Film buffs can enjoy a more immersive experience by connecting their TV''s HDMI ARC output to the Evo 150''s ARC input. In fact, the Evo 150 delivers convenience and tremendous flexibility via its numerous connections: Ethernet port, Evo CD custom connection, HDMI input with ARC (Audio Return Channel), USB Type A, USB Type B, 12-volt trigger in/out, RS232, speakers A/B (with binding-post connectors), coaxial, dual optical inputs, balanced XLR input, RCA, moving magnet (MM) phono stage, subwoofer out, and pre-amp out.</p><p>Weighing less than 12 pounds and only about a foot wide, the Evo 150 is easy to position and can be easily moved, if needed. The included wood side panels, which attach magnetically, can be quickly added or removed, depending on the aesthetics of your listening space. A full-function remote control is also included.</p>'
price: 3000
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<p>POWER OUTPUT</p><p>150W into 8 Ohms</p><p>AMPLIFICATION</p><p>Class-D Hypex Ncore®</p><p>DAC</p><p>ESS Sabre ES9018K2M</p><p>FREQUENCY RESPONSE</p><p>20Hz – 20kHz +0/-3dB</p><p>ANALOGUE AUDIO INPUTS</p><p>1 x RCA, 1 x balanced XLR, 1 x Moving Magnet Phonostage</p><p>DIGITAL AUDIO INPUTS</p><p>2 x TOSLINK optical, 1 x S/PDIF coaxial, 1 x TV ARC</p><p>USB AUDIO INPUT</p><p>USB Type B conforming to USB Audio Class 1 or USB Audio Class 2 (user selectable)</p><p>BLUETOOTH</p><p>4.2 A2DP/AVRCP supporting SBC, aptX and aptX HD codecs</p><p>COMPATIBILITY</p><p>TOSLINK optical: 16/24bit 32-96kHz PCM only S/PDIF coaxial: 16/24bit 32-192kHz PCM only USB Audio Class 1: Up to 24-bit 96kHz (asynchronous) USB Audio Class 2: Up to 32-bit 384kHz (asynchronous) and up to DSD 256 Bluetooth: 4.2 A2DP/AVRCP supporting up to aptX HD (24bit 48kHz) UPnP, Local USB media, Airplay 2, Chromecast built-in, Internet Radio, Spotify Connect, TIDAL, MQA, Qobuz, Roon Ready.</p><p>AUDIO FORMATS</p><p>ALAC, WAV, FLAC, AIFF, DSD (x256), WMA, MP3, AAC, HE AAC AAC+, OGG Vorbis</p><p>OUTPUTS</p><p>Speakers A+B, 3.5mm headphone, Preamp Output, Subwoofer Output, Bluetooth: 4.2 A2DP/AVRCP supporting up to aptX HD</p><p>ETHERNET</p><p>IEEE 802.3, 10 Base-T or 100 Base-T</p><p>WI-FI</p><p>Dual Band 2.4/5gHz</p><p>MAX POWER CONSUMPTION</p><p>700w</p><p>STANDBY POWER CONSUMPTION</p><p>&lt;0.5w</p><p>DIMENSIONS (W X H X D)</p><p>317 x 89 x 352mm</p><p>WEIGHT</p><p>5.3 kg</p><p>WHAT''S IN THE BOX</p><p>Evo 150 All-in-One player, Quick Start Guide, Safety Guide, Mains Lead, Remote Control, 2 x AAA Batteries, Customisable Side Panels x 2</p>'
has_files: false
reivews_set:
  -
    type: Review
    excerpt: '<p>The soundstage of the Cambridge Audio Evo is spacious and focused, realized with a multi-faceted palette of colors and depth. It is also decidedly lively, fast, and so magnificent that it will make your jaw drop.&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;</p>'
    attribution: 'Stereo Magazine'
    link: 'https://stereo-magazine.com/review/cambridge-evo-150-review'
    date_of_review: '2021-04-28'
title: 'EVO 150'
id: f5bc3d1d-5bde-47de-9e22-a42b7985f4ae
product-categories: multi-function
system_category: amplification
