manufacturer: 93f5c42c-e937-4a2b-9529-1800e137fbfa
product_hero_image: /assets/harmony-q-maple-with-pf-309-1626465767.jpg
available_for_demo: true
description: '<p>The main goal of the Harmony is to add to the strengths of the Encore, improving the existing characteristics, not changing them.<br><br>The Harmony produces an extremely low noise floor not always associated with analog playback. From this inky black background music emerges with detailed accurate highs and superb bass resolution. The midrange is rich and the timbre of instruments and voices are real and tangible. The midrange is magical and in complete balance with the upper and lower octaves. When you listen to the Harmony you will get that emotional connection to the music that only superior analog playback can provide.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><h3>FEATURES</h3><ul><li><strong>Solid aluminum isolation platform</strong>&nbsp;provides greater stability and a resonance free base for the plinth and supporting components&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/features-harmony.html#isolation">Click here for details</a></li><li><strong>GAIA 1V’s</strong>&nbsp;on the bottom of the isolation platforms are a brilliant solution for isolating both internal and external vibrations. This model was developed specifically for turntables.&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/features-harmony.html#gaia">Click here for details</a></li><li><strong>Ultra precise CNC machining and superior material choices</strong>&nbsp;enables us to achieve the tight tolerances needed for a quiet and musical presentation</li><li><strong>High precision Bronze bearing</strong>&nbsp;for ultra smooth rotation and significantly less friction than the industry standard brass bearings&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/features-harmony.html#bronze">Click here for details</a></li></ul><ul><li><strong>Ruby Ball Bearing</strong>&nbsp;provides a significantly quieter background to the Industry standard stainless steel balls&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/features-harmony.html#bronze">Click here for details</a></li><li><strong>Larger Profile Sub Platter</strong>&nbsp;of Aircraft Grade Aluminum and Stainless Steel are machined to extremely tight tolerances&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/features-harmony.html#motor">Click here for details</a></li><li><strong>Two Belt Stainless Steel Pulley</strong>&nbsp;working in conjunction with the large sub platter ensures precise speed stability</li><li><strong>Massive 48 mm Delrin Platter further improves speed stability</strong>&nbsp;and contributes to the extremely low noise floor. The benefits are immediately noticeable in the musical presentation. The sound is organic and perfectly balanced&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/features-harmony.html#delrin">Click here for details</a></li></ul><ul><li><strong>Custom designed 12 Volt AC Synchronous Motor</strong>&nbsp;provides quiet, stable and vibration free power to the sub platter. Our custom modifications completely eliminates any clogging in the motor.</li><li><strong>The superb&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/maestro-SC.html">MAESTRO speed controller</a></strong>&nbsp;is standard. It comes with a separate Linear power supply&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/maestro-SC.html">Click here for details</a></li><li><strong>SS-10 Record Isolator</strong>&nbsp;comes standard with this model. The ultimate solution for your table. A heavyweight solution that isolates.&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/features-harmony.html#ss10">Click here for details</a></li><li><strong>Standard Finish :&nbsp;</strong>Semi Gloss Santos Rosewood and Dark Walnut</li><li><strong>Premium Finish :&nbsp;</strong>High Gloss Quilted Maple and Piano Black</li></ul>'
price: 6195
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
shipping: 100
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<p>Harmony 17" wide x 14" deep x 7.5" average height&nbsp;</p><p>45 lbs.&nbsp;</p>'
has_files: false
title: Harmony
id: 0a78e5fc-24e2-4c22-a65f-17d836a1cd5b
product-categories: turntables
system_category: source
