manufacturer: b5d88b65-746a-44a9-a0e9-ec1f68555b63
product_hero_image: /assets/n10-4.jpg
available_for_demo: true
description: '<p>Reference-Class Caching Music Server / Streamer</p><p>4TB or 8TB HDD Storage</p><p>USB, AES/EBU, Coaxial, BNC and Optical Outputs</p><p>When computer audio first started to gain popularity, USB was the de facto standard for the digital audio signal transport. This was simply because computers have USB ports, not AES/EBU or other SPDIF ports. Unfortunately, USB can be a flawed protocol for digital audio transmission as it is prone to noise, jitter, and compatibility issues. Done properly, AES/EBU and SPDIF audio outputs represent a superior method of audio transmission with nearly universal compatibility, less jitter, and greater ease and flow to the overall musical presentation.&nbsp;N10 represents the state-of-the art of these protocols with its OCXO controlled SPDIF outputs – use them and discover a higher standard than USB.<br></p><p>FEATURES</p><h3>Ultra High-Quality SPDIF and AES/EBU Digital Audio Outputs</h3><p>N10’s AES/EBU, BNC, Coaxial, and Optical outputs provide a superior musical presentation. As opposed to an asynchonous USB connection, where the DAC&nbsp;pulls&nbsp;packets of information from the player, N10’s SPDIF and AES/EBU audio outputs&nbsp;push&nbsp;signal out to the DAC at intervals defined by the on-board OCXO clock. With a clock this precise, trust us, you want to use it!</p><h3>Oven-Controlled Crystal Oscillator (OCXO) for Long-Term Jitter Reduction</h3><p>OCXOs are among the most accurate and stable clocks in use today, and are orders of magnitude more accurate and stable than commonly used ordinary crystal oscillators usually found in computers. Temperature changes cause crystal oscillations to fluctuate, which can lead to jitter in the digital audio signal. Moreover, ordinary crystals are much less stable and lose accuracy over time. In OCXO clocks, a very stable, high-grade crystal oscillator is enclosed in a compartment and kept at a constant temperature to prevent jitter from temperature fluctuations.</p><h3>Precision DSD-to-PCM Conversion by FPGA</h3><p>Many DACs support DSD decoding only on their USB inputs and not on SPDIF or AES/EBU. That’s why the Aurender N10 (and W20) feature an extremely high-quality DSD-to-PCM conversion by FPGA.</p><h3>FPGA-Based All Digital Phase-Locked Loop System</h3><p>An All Digital Phase-Locked Loop system (ADPLL) incorporating Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGA) with OCXO clocks precisely times digital audio data transmissions and minimizes jitter to below negligible levels.</p><h3>4TB or 8TB Hard Disk Drive Storage with Solid-State Drive Cache for Playback</h3><p>Internal hard drives provide either 4TB or 8TB of storage and a 240G solid-state drive is used to cache music for playback. If a selected song or album is already cached to the solid-state drive, the hard drive will remain asleep. This minimizes wear and tear on the hard drive. By caching songs to the solid-state drive for playback, electrical and acoustic noise resulting from spinning disks, moving heads and motors are completely eliminated.</p><h3>Dedicated USB Audio Class 2.0 Output with Ultra Low Noise Power Circuitry</h3><p>The dedicated USB Audio Class 2.0 output is designed to deliver an exceptionally transparent audio signal free of noise, and is shielded from outside electronic interference.</p><h3>USB HDD and NAS (Network-Attached Storage) Support</h3><p>Best performance occurs when music is stored on the Aurender’s internal storage. However, the Aurender platform is also capable of seamlessly integrating content stored on a NAS or external USB hard drive.</p><h3>Aurender Conductor App Packed with Convenient Features for Full-Function Control</h3><p>The Aurender Conductor App turns the iPad into a versatile user interface for Aurender music servers. All settings and functions of the Aurender server can be easily accessed through the Settings menu, and the app comes with extensive features to make browsing and playing high resolution music collections a breeze.</p><h3>MQA Core Decoder (optional in-app purchase)</h3><p>Aurender’s optional MQA Core Decoder upgrade enables “first-level” MQA unfolding to play MQA files at up to 48 or 96 kHz.</p><h3>Remote Internet Technical Support</h3><p>Sending a Remote Support Request through the Aurender App allows engineers to quickly diagnose and correct problems over the Internet.</p>'
price: 8000
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<ul><li>Silver or Black finish​​</li><li>​​16.93 x 3.27 x 13.9 in, 27.03 lbs (unit only)&nbsp;<br>/ 430 x 83 x 353 mm, 12.26 kg (unit only)</li><li>Compatible Formats: DSD(DSF, DFF), WAV, FLAC, AIFF, ALAC, M4A, APE and others</li><li>Bit and Sample Rates: SPDIF: Up to 24-bit, 192kHz (PCM); 1-bit, 2.8MHz (DSD64)&nbsp;<br>USB: 32bit / 384kHz, 1-bit, 2.8MHz (DSD64); 1-bit, 5.6MHz (DSD128)</li><li>User Software: Aurender Conductor iPad App, Android App (Lite Version)</li><li>Solid-State Drive: 1 x 240 GB</li><li>Hard Disk Drives: 4TB / 8TB</li><li>SPDIF Clocking: FPGA-based All Digital Phase Locked Loop</li><li>Audio Clock: OCXO</li><li>Digital Audio Outputs: 1 coaxial, 1 optical, 1 AES/EBU, 1 BNC (Impedance 75Ω), 1 USB Audio Class 2.0</li><li>Digital I/O: 1 Gigabit LAN, 2 x USB 2.0​</li><li>CPU Board: Proprietary Aurender Board​</li><li>Main Memory: 4GB​</li><li>Finish: Silver or Black​</li><li>Dimensions: 430mm x 83mm x 353mm 16.93in x 3.27in x 13.9in</li><li>Weight: 12.26kg 27.03 lb​</li><li>Power Consumption​: Play (27W), Peak (37W), Standby (3.1W)<br></li></ul>'
has_files: false
reivews_set:
  -
    type: Review
    excerpt: '<p>Utilizing the Aurender N10 Music Server in comparison to laptop-based computer audio playback opened my eyes yet again to what audio design focused on noise elimination form the circuit path is capable of accomplishing. The more resolving your DAC is, the more resolving your system is, the more you will get out of adding the N10 to your mix and the more thought provoking and engaging your listening sessions will be.</p>'
    attribution: 'Rafe Arnott, Audio Stream'
    link: 'https://www.audiostream.com/content/aurender-n10-music-server-review-page-2'
    date_of_review: '2020-07-20'
title: N10-4TB
id: 483470cf-aea1-4726-8cdb-207c1ae1b7a7
product-categories: server-streaming
system_category: source
