date_listed: '2022-01-22'
original_accessories: 'Box, Packing, All Accessories'
new_retail_price: 2995
your_price: 1895
shipping: 40
images:
  - img_5216.JPG
  - img_5218.JPG
  - img_5217.JPG
description: '<p><strong>A COMPLETE DIGITAL AUDIO SOURCE: STREAMING D/A CONVERTER WITH HEADPHONE OUTPUT AND LINE PREAMPLIFIER</strong></p><p>The DS-10 is a 4-in-1 digital source that features a UPnP-DLNA Streamer, High-End D/A Converter, Line Preamplifier and Headphone Amplifier. Inspired by our acclaimed IS-1000 All-In-One unit, it combines its extended connectivity features with the exceptional high-resolution of the Bluetooth 5.0 – for the first time ever on a High-End audio product – and the impressive headphone double power GAIN output.</p><p>Part of the Series 10, the DS-10 is the perfect connection between the PH-10 phono stage and the PA-10 power amplifier, and the core of a smart stereo system.</p><p>The DS-10 is a Roon Ready device with a quick plug&amp;play set-up and multi-room capabilities. Simply connect it to your network using the Wi-Fi or the Ethernet port and to your power amplifier or active speakers, and get ready to explore the limitless possibilities of high-resolution music. Stream through Roon, Airplay, Tidal, MQA, Qobuz, Spotify and Deezer or access your collection of digital music stored locally on a NAS or a USB flash drive controlling the DS-10 with our easy to use GN Control App on your smartphone or tablet (available for free on iOS and Android).</p><p><br></p><p>The DS-10 has a unique feature that sets it apart from any other DAC – its behaviour can be changed to adapt to the music played without modifying the audio signal and maintaining the highest audio quality, acting on the PCM Equalization curve (Low-Pass filter), the High-Frequency De-emphasis, and the internal power profile. Such profiles can be selected in real-time during music playback delivering a unique listening experience and ease of use thanks to the clear menu on the TFT display. It’s time to enjoy the unprecedented listening pleasure that only the DS-10 can offer you.</p><p><strong>CHAMELEON MODE</strong></p><p>With the Chameleon Mode you can adjust the sonic profile of the DS-10 fine-tuning the performance of the DAC to adapt it to the music you’re playing, just as a chameleon, acting on the PCM Equalization curve (Low Pass filter), the High-Frequency De-emphasis, and the internal power profile.</p><p>The Chameleon technology allows you to adapt the DS-10 perfectly to the music you love while preserving the highest quality of the audio signal.</p><p>Please note: the Chameleon Mode is available on firmware version V.130 and higher.</p><p><strong>FEATURES:</strong></p><p><strong>DAC</strong><br>Powered by the excellent new generation AKM AK4493 DAC to guarantee high-resolution digital audio.</p><p><strong>App</strong><br>With our app GN Control you can access all the functions of DS-10 using your smartphone and tablet, even the analogue controls.</p><p><strong>Digital Inputs</strong><br>Designed to become the digital audio core of your system with USB-B and USB-A ports, and network connections thanks to two Optical TOS-Link inputs.</p><p><strong>Complete Source</strong><br>The Bluetooth 5.0 and the Headphone Output make the DS-10 an extremely versatile and modern digital source.</p>'
title: 'Goldnote DS-10 Streaming D/A Converter w/Headphone Output and Line Preamplifier'
id: 63575364-3823-44f8-8174-2c0553c0c2d3
blueprint: pre_owned
