date_listed: '2022-01-06'
original_accessories: 'Connection Cables'
new_retail_price: 995
your_price: 595
shipping: 30
images:
  - img_5068.JPG
description: '<h2>Audeze LCD-2 Headphones - Caribbean Rosewood Edition. Excellent sounding headphones that sold new for $995.00</h2><h2>Game-changing headphone sound</h2><p>In a relatively short time, Audeze has gone from headphone upstart to an audiophile favorite. The classic LCD-2 headphones were the company''s first model to gain widespread acclaim. This updated version features Carribbean rosewood earcups and boasts the same outstanding sound quality as the original.</p><p>Known for their tight, extended bass response, smooth, inviting midrange, and warm high frequencies, the LCD-2 headphones offer a listening experience that can make believers out of even casual music listeners.</p><p><em>Please note: These large, solid headphones weigh in at over a pound and are built for a high level of performance rather than portability.&nbsp;</em></p><h3>Audeze''s planar magnetic technology offers lifelike sound</h3><p>Audeze&nbsp;<a href="https://www.crutchfield.com/learn/planar-magnetic-headphone-guide.html">planar magnetic headphones&nbsp;</a>are known for accuracy and extended frequency response. Unlike the dynamic drivers found in most headphones, planar magnetic drivers rely on a thin diaphragm with a large surface area to generate sound. The circuit is etched across the entire surface of an ultra-thin diaphragm, which is suspended between two large magnets.</p><p>The LCD-2 headphones use a&nbsp;powerful magnetic field, which results in extremely low distortion even at high volume.&nbsp;When the circuit receives an audio signal, it interacts with the magnetic field, thus causing the diaphragm to move back and forth. This results in sound that is incredibly lifelike and spacious — and worthy of fresh listens to all your favorite music.</p><h3>Exquisite craftsmanship</h3><p>The meticulously crafted LCD-2 headphones are hand-made in Audeze''s California headquarters. The earcups are made of Caribbean rosewood&nbsp;— a material used in acoustic guitar manufacturing. They are luxuriously appointed with soft padding covered with genuine sheepskin leather.</p><p>The included&nbsp;detachable cable terminates in a standard 1/4" plug, and&nbsp;securely connects to each&nbsp;earcup via 4-pin mini XLR connectors. Be sure to plug these high-performance headphones into a&nbsp;<a href="https://www.crutchfield.com/g_348950/Headphone-Amplifiers.html" target="_blank">headphone amplifier</a>&nbsp;for optimum sound quality with plenty of volume.</p><h2>Product highlights:</h2><ul><li>large, open-back design offers spacious sound</li><li>planar magnetic drivers offer low distortion, enhanced dynamics, and warm sound<ul><li>Fazor driver technology offers improved phase response, three-dimensional imaging, and extended frequency response</li></ul></li><li><em>a separate&nbsp;<a href="https://www.crutchfield.com/g_348950/Headphone-Amplifiers.html" target="_&quot;blank&quot;">headphone amplifier</a>&nbsp;is required to properly power these headphones for optimum sound quality</em></li><li>Caribbean rosewood earcups with genuine lambskin leather earpads</li><li>74-inch tangle-free cable 4-pin mini XLR connectors for each earcup and 1/4" plug for connection to a home stereo or headphone amplifier</li><li>includes rugged, waterproof travel case with an ultra-durable polypropylene shell and padded interior</li><li>frequency response: 10-50,000 Hz</li><li>sensitivity: 101 dB</li><li>impedance: 70 ohms</li><li>weight: 20.9 oz.</li></ul>'
title: 'Audeze LCD-2 Headphones - Caribbean Rosewood Edition'
id: b62fa7d0-d41d-4191-aed6-a36d2b7c8c1a
blueprint: pre_owned
