manufacturer: 3063d7fa-844d-456c-a440-8f69ae8d90cd
product_hero_image: packshot-borea-br08-light-oak-01-2-2160x1518.jpg
available_for_demo: true
quote: 'In overall terms, these Triangles are exceptional, and certainly good enough to challenge the very best at this price. They’re happy playing all genres of music and do it with a charm that’s addictive. We advise listening to them before buying any other floor-standers at this price. You’ll be thankful you did.'
quote_attribution: 'What Hi-Fi'
description: '<p>The floorstander BR08, inspired by the iconic Antal speaker, was the reference model throughout the design of the Borea range. Elegant three-way floorstander with 4 transducers, it is one of the most appreciated high-fidelity models.</p><p>It incorporates a new 25mm EFS silk dome tweeter; a new 16cm midrange with a brand-new profile, based on the research on the natural cellulose paper used before in the Esprit Ez; and two new 16cm bass drivers in fiberglass.</p><p>Its three-way configuration diffuses all frequencies with no interference between the transducers, producing precise voices and instruments.</p><p>This floorstander will fit perfectly in rooms ranging from 20 to 40 cubic feet.</p>'
price: 1499
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<ul><li>Number of drivers: 4</li><li>Number of ways: 3</li><li>Sensitivity: 92 dB/W/m</li><li>Frequency range: 40 Hz – 22 KHz (+/- 3 dB)</li><li>Power handling: 150 W</li><li>Nominal impedance: 8 Ω</li></ul><ul><li>Minimum impedance: 3 Ω</li><li>Low frequency roll-off: 215 Hz</li><li>High frequency roll-off: 3500 Hz</li><li>Dimensions (inch): 8.11 x 40.15 x 12.36</li><li>Weight: 41.55 lbs.</li></ul>'
has_files: false
reivews_set:
  -
    type: Review
    excerpt: '<p>In overall terms, these Triangles are exceptional, and certainly good enough to challenge the very best at this price. They’re happy playing all genres of music and do it with a charm that’s addictive. We advise listening to them before buying any other floor-standers at this price. You’ll be thankful you did.</p>'
    attribution: 'What Hi-Fi'
    link: 'https://www.whathifi.com/us/reviews/triangle-borea-br08'
    date_of_review: '2021-02-01'
title: 'Borea BR08'
id: 60ffe45b-887d-4005-a3fd-6e2542371fab
product-categories: speakers
system_category: speakers
blueprint: product
