manufacturer: 93f5c42c-e937-4a2b-9529-1800e137fbfa
product_hero_image: encore-landing-sm.jpg
available_for_demo: true
description: '<p>A classic design that offers a truly engaging performance at a real world price point. Combining first rate sound quality and an elegant design the Encore is a perfect fit. It delivers a lifelike performance with superb transparency. It’s inherent musicality and smooth tonal balance guarantees many years of listening pleasure.</p><h3>FEATURES</h3><ul><li><strong>50 mm thick Ultra MDF core</strong>&nbsp;provides a resonance free base (plinth) for all the other supporting components</li><li><strong>Ultra precise CNC machining and superior material choices</strong>&nbsp;enables us to achieve the tight tolerances needed for a quiet and musical presentation</li><li><strong>High precision Bronze bearing</strong>&nbsp;for ultra smooth rotation and significantly less friction than the industry standard brass bearings&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/features-encore-eclipse.html#bronze">Click here for details</a></li><li><strong>Ruby Ball Bearing</strong>&nbsp;provides a significantly quieter background to the Industry standard stainless steel balls&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/features-encore-eclipse.html#bronze">Click here for details</a></li><li><strong>Two Belt Stainless Steel Pulley</strong>&nbsp;working in conjunction with the large sub platter ensures precise speed stability</li></ul><ul><li><strong>Our Sub platters</strong>&nbsp;are made from Aircraft grade Aluminum and Stainless Steel and are machined to extremely tight tolerances&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/features-encore-eclipse.html#motor">Click here for details</a></li><li><strong>Our 36 mm Delrin Platter produces a very organic sound</strong>&nbsp;with a highly detailed yet well balanced frequency response. This extra thickness provides improved speed stability and an even quieter background from which the music springs to life.&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/features-encore-eclipse.html#delrin">Click here for details</a></li><li><strong>Custom designed 12 Volt AC Synchronous Motor</strong>&nbsp;provides quiet, stable and vibration free power to the sub platter. Our custom modifications completely eliminates any clogging in the motor.</li></ul><ul><li><strong>The superb&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/maestro-SC.html">MAESTRO speed controller</a></strong>&nbsp;is standard. It comes with a separate Linear power supply&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/maestro-SC.html">Click here for details</a></li><li><strong>SS-1 Record Weight</strong>&nbsp;comes standard on this model. A heavy weight solution that prevents slippage and flattens records. Provides a nice balanced frequency response and a tighter bottom end&nbsp;<a href="https://purefidelity.ca/features-encore-eclipse.html#ss1">Click here for details</a></li><li><strong>Standard Finish :&nbsp;</strong>Semi Gloss Santos Rosewood and Dark Walnut</li><li><strong>Premium Finish :&nbsp;</strong>High Gloss Quilted Maple and Piano Black</li></ul><p><br><br></p>'
price: 4595
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
shipping: 80
monthly_featuree: false
specs: '<p>17" wide x 14" deep x 6.5" average height&nbsp;</p><p>26 lbs.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>'
has_files: false
title: Encore
id: 08929c98-c190-401c-b862-af30101ffc21
product-categories: turntables
system_category: source
blueprint: product
