manufacturer: ba0eacf2-f95d-4721-8c0f-90efe0acc714
product_hero_image: k50s1120.jpg
available_for_demo: true
quote: '“The K50 is an Absolute Game Changer.”'
quote_attribution: HFA
description: '<p>The full-width Antipodes K50 is our latest advance of the state of the art in digital audio, and fully implements the new technologies delivered by the Antipodes OLADRA Project. Refinement, dimensionality, dynamics, timbre and resolution are exceptional. The Antipodes K50 gets out of the way to let you fully experience the emotional impact of the original recording.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>The Antipodes K50 integrates three separately powered and isolated computation engines:</p><ul><li>A high power engine to enable Server Apps to effortlessly handle a huge music library, re-assemble internet streams to recover the original file''s sound quality, handle DSP features without loss of quality, and to serve the cleanest possible stream to the Player App.</li><li>An advanced player engine to run the selected Player App to provide exceptional USB Audio output and to feed the Reclocker.</li><li>An all-new fully-isolated reclocking engine to provide exceptional S/PDIF, AES3 and I2S digital outputs.</li></ul><p>Insert your own SSDs or have your provider install them for you - up to 24TB. Add USB drives. Include music files located elsewhere on your network. Upload music files from anywhere on your network. Add internet streaming services. Attach an Antipodes K10 Ripper to import music from your CDs. All easily user-configurable to form a single integrated music library that is available to all playback solutions selected.</p><p>Easily select the playback solutions you wish to use, from the world''s best high-end digital audio software providers. Stream by Direct Ethernet connection, USB Audio, S/PDIF, AES3 or I2S to your main stereo system, and at the same time stream over your network to streaming devices.</p><p>Setup and control everything from your desktop, laptop, tablet or smartphone.</p>'
price: 15000
show_price: true
available_to_buy_online: true
pairs_well_with:
  - 9aec0f30-038f-48cf-a6c2-0447e8080084
  - 1c19117e-12b6-4ba5-9f61-9cca75be67df
  - e2111089-c644-4394-b030-a85fc0dcd27c
monthly_featuree: false
has_files: false
title: K50
id: dfd10a7a-dde7-4dba-86ee-d8a97b7e2366
product-categories: server-streaming
system_category: source
blueprint: product
