title: 'Fidelis welcomes Lab12 to our product offerings!'
image: /assets/hero-for-facebook.jpg
summary: 'Handcrafted electronic audio devices designed to approach the original music. Natural sound reproduction rich of emotions and vividness.'
main_content: '<p>Lab12 is a state-of-the-art high end manufacturer founded in 2012 by Stratos Vichos, an electronic engineer with expertise in audio designing for over 20 years and a deeply progressive vision for our beloved industry.</p><p>Years of passionate experiments, explorations and R &amp; D transformed Lab12 from a one-man operation at a little lab on the 12<sup>th</sup>&nbsp;of the street to a fast growing venture. However, what is at the heart of all the products we produce, is that they hold on to our core belief that the emotional impact and an engaging musical performance are the most important factors when we listen to a piece of music.</p><p>Lab12 is a technology and performance driven company and our third generation of products offer a unique value that can meet the highest demands of music lovers and audiophiles, wherever in the world you are. Our products incorporate and introduce learning and technology from the 21st, but first and foremost it is the music that matters.</p><p>Our portfolio is growing by the month and we’re able to serve the growing needs of the high-end audio industry and contemporary audiophiles with more sophisticated devices, where technology never gets in the way of the music.</p><p>And, perhaps most importantly, we didn’t change our painstaking design and development process. Each and every product undergoes state-of-the-art measuring processes and final tuning that is the result of prolonged listening and combinations to ensure that you, the end user, get a truly exceptional product that simply lets you enjoy the music you love.</p><p>Glowing reviews and a dedicated following reflects our attitude – we simply love what we do. Our audio products are made for high-end audio enthusiasts by high-end audio enthusiasts – plain and simple.</p>'
id: b4f9ddc3-57f7-43d6-b545-2e758089a4b6
product-categories:
  - dacs
  - headphone-amplifiers
  - integrated-amplifiers
  - phono-pre-amps
  - power-amplifiers
  - power-cables
  - power-conditioners
  - pre-amps
system_category:
  - amplification
