title: 'Fidelis welcomes AVID Hi-Fi to our stable of premium audio components!'
image: /assets/avid-hifi-cover.png
summary: 'Fidelis is proud to announce the addition of AVID Hi-Fi to our stable of premium audio components. Offering a full-line of turntables, tonearms and cartridges as well as electronics and speakers, we think this product will be a smashing success. We look forward to getting our demonstration models up on display and to start showcasing their outstanding performance and value.'
main_content: |
  <p>AVID MISSION STATEMENT: "The Truth, nothing more, nothing less"
  Since 1995, our uncompromising design and manufacturing approach, ensures the finest products available today. Modern manufacturing facilities, state-of-the-art computer design technology and large investments in materials research have turned bygone phonographs into leading-edge technology. With other mechanical, electro-mechanical and electronic equipment in development, AVID is a growing force throughout the audio market with a reputation for being "Closer to the truth".</p><p>Born from impatience with unjustified hi-fi hyperbole, we invested in two decades of developing a range of genuinely innovative engineering solutions to solve some of hi-fi’s enduring challenges.<br><br>Spawning a cult-following, AVID is now recognised as one of the premier hi-fi manufacturers in the world.<br><br>From a manufacturing base in Kimbolton, near Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, AVID products are designed and constructed for a world market. AVID engineering expertise is respected globally. Consultation, design and manufacturing services have been applied by other premier companies within the audio, automotive, medical and military industries.<br>Our precision and accuracy extend to every aspect of our business, from state-of-the-art CNC machines, accurate to within a few microns through to the hand-selected capacitors utilised in our leviathan power suppliers.<br><br>Each and every component has to pass rigorous inspection before being assembled and tested. Manufacturing tolerances are so tight that all parts are interchangeable with other units, unlike other companies that have to match parts, AVID manufacturing consistency produces perfection in both performance and reliability.<br><br>Investing in AVID gives you leading edge technology, performance and reliability from a company with a solid background.<br><br>Welcome to the 21st Century of vinyl replay.
  </p>
id: 3959dc0f-ec35-4be7-9a85-7be52ba8d711
